# -AI-Adaptive-Study-Timer
Studying has become increasingly challenging due to numerous distractions in our digital age. The rapid expansion of the internet and social media has magnified these distractions, causing a decline in people's attention spans. Many now struggle to maintain focus and dedication to their studies.
Our solution recognizes these challenges and aims to enhance concentration and study efficacy. Here's how it works. The first way it achieves this is by allowing users to create study subjects (objective). After creating a subject, users can set study goals and schedules for it. They can create as many subjects as they desire. Based on a user-provided questionnaire, our AI will suggest an ideal study-to-break ratio, tailored to individual attention spans and study objectives. The software logs your study habits, tracking start times, breaks, and completion. Over time, as it processes this data, the AI refines its recommendations, fine-tuning the optimal study pattern for each individual. 
Our whole approach to the AI adaptive study timer will be based on science. From the questioner to the AI and the entire software setup will consider different disciplines of science. Our AI will be fine tuned based on the latest scientific literature. We will look at different physiological, neurological, and behavioral researchers to make the AI more helpful.
The flow state is a term named  by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi​ which is a state of mind where an individual is fully immersed in the task at hand leading to a heightened state of focus and productivity. Our main goal is for our users not just to improve their focus but also get into the flow state. 
After creating this web based software we will help students or anyone who is trying to study improve their focus and overall study habit. 

